Hello, may I ask how to get to Jiang Qian Hall?
This is a fancy banquet
Can't participate without diligence and thrift
I have thrifty
Even if you are thrifty, you can't enter if you are disheveled
I was disheveled.
Isn't this an exchange conference?
This is an exchange conference
It's just an exchange conference at this level
We can't hold one in China for a few years.
Those who came to participate were all famous people
It must be a requirement for installation.
I said it all, but I can't hear it.
Hear hard
Just one stab
It's over, it's over, I offended Liu Lang's seat disease
How can we do this?
You can wear anything. Please come inside. Please come inside.
Does the lady have a boyfriend alone?
Why don't we add WeChat?
Who is it? Husband, he has a WeChat son.
This is the famous work of surgical master David
He published in a national journal about cancer lesions
How to deal with abnormal bleeding
I heard that he is the successor of the Phantom Medicine God
Bah, he deserves it too
David's past history of being sick to death
He is also worthy of the title of successor to the Phantom Medicine God
Is he the successor to Phantom Medicine?
I don't know.
But his paper is rubbish